all right up for grabs is this 1994
Nissan Pathfinder X II 4-wheel Drive
black with grey cloth you see you got
your tubular sidesteps auto locking hubs
it's got ice cold air some really good
tread on the rear tires the front ones
are getting a little worn that could use
an alignment just recently put new plugs
in it this morning did an oil and filter
change look you've got a receiver hitch
as well then oil and filter change on it
using high mileage oil also cleaned out
the mass airflow sensor put new plugs in
it and I believe it needs a knock sensor
it was showing a code for a knock sensor
which I found one on eBay for about 13
bucks so I'll try to get one put in
there for you before you pick pick it up
if I can get it on time if not I'll just
forward you the part it's only $13 part
like I said paints got a nice glossy
shine down the sides the body's nice and
straight only a few minor parking lot
beings with shopping carts not many
there's like one here I don't think you
know the camera will pick it up the hood
does have some oxidation so you probably
want to put a high speed buffer on it as
you can see it's not quite as glossy as
the sides but it is not in bad shape
look down the passenger side it's nice
and straight I don't see any dings down
the passenger side goodness gracious
trucks got 106 oh there's one found one
right here see it oh yeah got some minor
scratches right there that will come out
as well with a high speed buff nothing
major
looks like some way
look at that reflection look at her she
doesn't come with the vehicle by the way
guys - quit drooling she's mine you got
a little crease right here on the rear
tent liftgate nothing major pop it open
here a nice cargo mat rear seats fall
down as you'll see in the pictures it
does have the jack
does have the tools and another real
cool feature this luxury SUV is that
these rear seats recline watch this look
at that about how nice that's gonna be
on a long trip both sides recline
carpets real clean
we'll try get these seats cleaned up for
you they're not too bad
it hasn't been smoked in did I mention
that the air is ice-cold by the way and
we're in Florida it's like 90 degrees
today and it was freezing us out of this
thing it is an automatic does have tilt
and I say let's go and take it for a
drive what do you say alright let's go
so you got your nissan tubular steps
right there you see this this tires
showing some uneven wear so it and the
steering wheel is off a little so you're
gonna need to get it aligned I'm just
trying to keep the cost down where I'm
doing a no-reserve auction on this
vehicle it does have a free and clear
Georgia title with no liens no South
history and it is an open title ok
you'll see she fires right up
all right let's turn this air on
it's pretty sluggish here right when you
start to take off it should be that it's
gotta be the knock sensor because that's
what the code is coming out of the
computer
pretty neat spread under the passenger
seat this guy got a diagnostic function
on it then you can read the code
yourself without having to take it into
the shop and spend the $80 for them just
to read the code it's pretty easy I'll
show the winning bidder how to do that
got an automatic Express down driver
side window see it goes down nice and
quick quickly same with your passenger
side just check these rear ones out
every one goes down nice and yeah it was
really fast let's try this other one
back here all your windows work that's
awesome
got a rear defrost but won't need it
down here but you're buying this
throughout North it it does work your
power mirrors function properly so you
know it's a it's a pretty decent truck
and idle without once we get that knocks
not to put in you know I'll try to get
it in like I said before you pick it up
otherwise I will send it to the winning
bidder you can put it in yourself it's
pretty easy repair you will need a radio
that had unit will not be coming with it
let's see if the ashtray has only been
used for coins alright air as ice cold
isn't it
another thing that might help her out is
if you put a cap and wires on it looks
to be the originals now you get a cap at
autozone for probably 15 20 bucks get
some wires around and I don't know how
much they cost I didn't price them out
but it won't be too much so you know no
reserve auction and we get this vehicle
for a very good price and we don't have
to spend much on it you'll see issues a
little sluggish right at first
what she gets going it's good to go
all right so
if you don't feel like waiting to the
end of the oxygen we can end the auction
early if you make us a reasonable offer
on this vehicle you can do so by calling
us
my name is Jimmy and I can be reached at
eight six three six seven zero five four
two zero you can't reach me feel free to
call Julianna it's six seven eight it's
at nine nine five nine zero five two old
they call her about the vehicle if you
call to ask her out I will have to deny
your bid and we miss on a really great
truck so anyway good luck and happy bid